Amanda: Can you hear me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I can hear you. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What happened.
Amanda: So I got this new
Amanda: This new computer
Amanda: I don't even know where it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I can't see anything on your video but
Amanda: Hold on, let me see. Okay. It says start video
Amanda: You can't see nothing at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I can hear you just fine. But there's no video
Amanda: Okay, let me switch computers.
Amanda: I'll be right back.
Amanda G: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There you are.
Amanda G: Okay, let me plug my phone in real quick. Hold on.
Amanda G: Okay, so what I was trying to show you was
Amanda G: We got a Microsoft Surface Pro.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Amanda G: Remember I was telling you how many different email and all that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda G: So I have I have that computer. She has another different. It's just like that. One is detachable but the battery dies, your past I have this one and another one. So I'm going to get rid of all these computers and just have one
Amanda G: But I want only that one email so she put an email the other day, but she doesn't remember she set up.
Amanda G: So I've been trying to set that email. I'm trying to get into that Outlook email so I can give it to you. So knowing it rings that I know I have mail.
Uh huh.
Amanda G: So I was trying for the last hour, but it kept saying, four o'clock four o'clock.
Amanda G: My daughter in law calls I turn around. It says five o'clock. I said, oh my god, I gotta go.
Amanda G: I just stopped whatever I was doing
Amanda G: I was have a computer on it but it said it didn't detect the computer.
Amanda G: So I spent two hours doing that. And I'm not even using it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As crazy
Amanda G: I'm frustrated
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One thing is something miles on it.
Amanda G: Yeah, the other day, some lady just ran into us.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Amanda G: Yeah. On Sunday, want to get food well i don't know i don't i don't think i've talked to so I can get one on Sunday, or maybe it was Saturday.
Amanda G: I went out there to throw the trash in this little babies always outside
Amanda G: mother's name around nothing
Amanda G: And I did I hear from people that she just got out of a program, but I can tell that she does drugs. I don't know that for sure, but I can. I'm pretty sure she does.
Amanda G: So, um, I said the baby right there. She my wife, grab the baby and left. And she started screaming. I said, oh my god, I said, you just should have just brought him inside. So she's planning on that girls door and
Amanda G: She doesn't come in and she comes out of the room was money in her hand. So is your babies at my house and she goes, oh, I didn't even know the door was open.
Amanda G: She might say, Oh, thank you. Oh, I didn't know was gone, or they didn't even know he was missing.
Amanda G: So, then chances, like, oh, we wish to call the cops. This is no I don't want to call it up. I see my cheese that taken away. I
Amanda G: Don't know, it kind of sucks. I don't. I know they're doing drugs, whatever, but just wait and then there was a dog that they don't watch either. So we started taking care of the dog.
Amanda G: For me to get food and this lady, she's just on her phone. And she just barely caps us but sending me look up from her phone.
Amanda G: For chassis goes out there screaming and I knew that girl wasn't going to pull over, but I get out and I look at the license plate that girl India printing off.
Amanda G: She's all pissed off, but she gets her stopping it is an accomplished nothing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda G: I get pissed off, and she was already never thought to look at the license plate. I see what we're going to do with the fucking Window key grass.
Amanda G: What the fuck was actually help
Amanda G: Like that and I sit. Exactly. You don't think like that. You're not helping.
Amanda G: The situation right now.
Amanda G: I mean you she was mad when she got out the car that girl didn't roll the window down
Amanda G: She wasn't gonna pull over.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, so you do
Amanda G: Where she worked it out presents and I got the license plate.
Amanda G: So we went to this Albertson but she was coming from that way. This way. So we think there's she works with our sins.
Amanda G: Are just not right now. And she didn't even really do damage. She just scratched the car, but
Amanda G: That's why you're not supposed to text and drive
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Miss the Jews to talk to you probably didn't have insurance or anything.
Amanda G: I wouldn't want to get out of Chelsea was banging on my window, either.
Amanda G: Right or wrong, I would want to get out either. I probably get my ass kicked. But if I didn't. I still want to get out.
Amanda G: And we're in the middle of an intersection like
Amanda G: It was she just she's a stuff to think sometimes it's not. That's not going to help us, that would have been
Amanda G: Would have been in more trouble. We started with and we didn't do anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Exactly. It would have turned out to be, you know what I mean, you guys would have been it
Amanda G: Would have been our fault. Yeah, yeah.
Totally
Amanda G: She doesn't see that she just blows up.
Amanda G: And don't get me wrong, I get pissed off too but
Amanda G: I may get pissed off. And I'm going to, I need to do what's right. I'm not just gonna
Amanda G: I don't know, I'm not those one of those people I do regret, a lot of things, but I don't wonder. Oh my god. Oh, how did I get here, what happened. I know exactly what Whoa, why on there. And what happened.
Right.
Amanda G: But I also a lot of things went through my head before that. I'm like, oh, should I make this choice to make this choice, like a lot of things go and I don't. I think she is now like she's an airhead. But I think her head is just really empty.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you say that
Amanda G: Because I can tell that I'm always thinking. And if I talk to her. She's a call.
Amanda G: And then a while later, she's like what happened. I see you don't remember that conversation. She's like, no, I wasn't for you.
Amanda G: All take away and it's not that she doesn't care. It just she doesn't. She worries different than I do.
Amanda G: She read everything
Amanda G: She's broken like every bone in her body.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Amanda G: She's 11 years younger than me and I've only broke one bone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You see active and she's like, really active
Amanda G: Yes, you know I'm not seeing that movie, you got served
Amanda G: It's a dancing movie where they break down to where they pop dance. No. Well, she knows how to pop gets she's a white girl.
Amanda G: Usually white girls don't get
Amanda G: It. I have no rhythm.
Amanda G: She does. That's why her leg has been her leg in three years.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She hasn't been to her like in three years.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, why
Amanda G: She had to go bad.
Amanda G: That's what we lost her house in TLC.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's crazy.
Amanda G: So, um, she has to fix her knee. She was just supposed to go in for a meniscus tear
Amanda G: It was a second one on that same me because she dances and it got infected and he just sold it up.
Amanda G: On my god yeah it was horrible, but he's in his 80s to but still we should have not went to him, but we didn't think nothing of it because he had a really good to others.
Amanda G: So,
Amanda G: Yeah, and honey. She had a buckle hand on one knee and the right one. And then she had two torn meniscus on the left one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Amanda G: There was a third one that he had did
Amanda G: And it's like her legs got stuck. It doesn't bend. It's like it got stuck to it was because it was infected to
Amanda G: Move it. So the tissue just grew to all of it if they had been moving it went to grow like that. So, it grew just the way her leg was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Amanda G: So all we have to, I mean, I'm pretty sure whatever it is actually didn't mess that up but. So in this case, is it better because she can she says she feels like bone on bone. Yeah.
Amanda G: So that that ruined, but then
Amanda G: They have to click at kisses to bend her knee.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was gonna say I wish she'd been checked out by another doctor
Amanda G: Yeah, we went to physical therapy they tried to put to put us in physical therapy for six months to try to bust it. Mm hmm.
Amanda G: He said, it's not going to the physical therapist.
Amanda G: Because I guess.
Amanda G: before surgery. They want you to, um, I guess, Medicaid is asking you to get all these pre authorization. So you have to go to physical therapy to do this to get another authorization for surgery.
Amanda G: So, but then
Amanda G: It was like surgery or the house.
Amanda G: So other shooters always end up coming up.
Amanda G: Yeah, like kind of how I feel about the meetings and I do want to come to the meetings, but
Amanda G: I was over here trying to didn't get in work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got to start checking in, like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 30 minutes you can actually check in up to six hours before
Amanda G: I was going to ask you that I was going to check in this morning when I remembered
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, you can actually check in up to six, six hours before so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, totally. And then that way you're already jumped in and you you're already. You've already got the number to zoom and so you didn't, you can go straight to zoom
Amanda G: Is always the same.
Amanda G: But I don't ever come here because you guys said we have to check in for it so
Amanda G: That you're not going to get paid if I don't check in, but it's not your job to find out who you get paid or not that you know what I mean. Yeah. So I mean, I kind of figured that was why. And then, so I don't know so
Amanda G: He has a lot of problems like a lot more than I do but so
Amanda G: She needs to do something like she was, she was on the opiates minister to them. And I told her to get off of him, but
Amanda G: So now. She smokes weed.
Amanda G: But she just got her pot card so that tells you something in between.
Amanda G: She's been doing that.
Amanda G: You know what I'm saying.
Amanda G: Yeah, so that's where I was the other day, they told me $95 I took the paper and then he told me, Oh, that was three years old, they didn't tell me that when I went there and asked me how old the paper was
Amanda G: So then, but I haven't asked you for that paper when we first got here. We've been here three years and I had been asking for that paper, but they sent it to my dad's house. My dad brought my stuff in February. We didn't go through that stuff until April.
Amanda G: So now we went to go do it. And then they said it was too old, but then it looked at it and then they were like, okay, instead of 95 it's 150 or they can just do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Amanda G: What are you going to say no, like they should have told me all that before. Yeah.
Amanda G: He only asked what was on the paper. So I told him, but he didn't ask, like, all it needs to be within this time frame. See, a lot of people don't do their jobs.
Amanda G: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How can it be
Amanda G: It can be over two years old.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Amanda G: It was 2017 the year we got here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you still have to have a marijuana card in New Mexico.
Everywhere.
Amanda G: It's legal. But you still you can't use habit.
Amanda G: Yep.
Amanda G: It's illegal. She seems to think it's legal, but literally right now it's illegal.
Amanda G: But
Amanda G: I don't find anything wrong with it. I don't
Amanda G: I don't do it, but I used to
Amanda G: I just don't see any point
Amanda G: Eating and getting investing
Amanda G: I have some, I have a problem with later today. Why would I want to eat more.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now, it's true.
Amanda G: So, I mean, that's all it did for me. And then after I started doing other drugs and then it's like a paranoid.
Amanda G: I don't do it at all. I really out I'll drink a beer or smoke weed I Pew can. Am I go to bed. I remember what happens. I don't remember anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Amanda G: I just don't do it anymore. I don't know why. What happened to me that I can't, I can't, I'm glad, but
Amanda G: I think, I think, way more than I already do as it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, probably.
Amanda G: Yeah, my
Amanda G: Husband He's coming. He's transferring to Oklahoma.
Amanda G: from Arizona. He's in the Marine Corps.
Amanda G: And he said he wasn't coming here. He said he only had to go straight through. He had four days to make it
Amanda G: He called to call me at five o'clock. That's how you look, they're coming now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's coming to visit you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you happy.
Amanda G: Yeah, I just have to make it there and back by seven.
Amanda G: See, he should have told me this before I wouldn't, I wouldn't kept a car today.
Amanda G: You know what I mean, it's like
Amanda G: Yeah, just step back. I wasn't able to keep the car went out to start the car at seven o'clock, and I don't usually started early. So I have a car that starts itself from inside. I don't have to go warm it up. I start. Well, it wouldn't work. So I took the remote control apart.
Amanda G: I said, Oh, well just switch keys because I have another key is a dummy cute only will open the door. It won't start the car. But if I start the car with the original key kick it off with the other one, it'll start. But then I can lock the doors.
Amanda G: But they can't go. Can't get very far because the car will shut off.
Amanda G: So I said, Okay, I'll do that might get to the client requirements.
Amanda G: I like my lights on last night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Amanda G: They're automatic but I turned them off because we've got this drive through and they were shining and somebody's window. So I turned them off and then it, put it back on. But I didn't put them on auto I put them on on
Amanda G: And when I got out it was being and I clicked it once and it wasn't a model. So they were on all night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So your battery got drained. Yeah.
Amanda G: So I kept it to make sure that
Amanda G: When she got at 730 she wouldn't get in the car and when start at least I'm home and I can get. I can get it started.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Amanda G: I didn't plan on going today but and then got it started at seven because we didn't even end up leaving until 830 just be there at nine.
Amanda G: Imagine if I started at 30 minutes before she had to go to work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda G: And I don't know why I did that this morning, but I did. I don't ever remember started for her. She doesn't herself.
Amanda G: But today, I did it for some reason.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it's good thing you did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How
Amanda G: Have you been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Working
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Working working
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Amanda G: We have to wear masks out here now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We've all we've had to out here like can't go into a store without a mask on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That will really review.
Amanda G: Just barely today that they did that, it starts on Saturday.
Amanda G: Oh really, yeah. I've never wore a mask anywhere because I don't go anywhere ways, but the places I do go I stay my distance But I wore one today and oh my god
Amanda G: I can't handle it.
Now, I know.
Amanda G: Where to my car, but
Amanda G: I just put on the sun visor. When I go in, I put it on and then
Amanda G: We're locked down until maybe do and I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a lot of places that are open starting what they call a soft open opening back up. You know where they're beginning to start providing services again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it's, you know, limited
Amanda G: I understand. Okay, so they say that we're doing it a little bit at a time because
Amanda G: New Mexico has more. We had more cases where we're increasing the declining
Amanda G: And why open at all.
Amanda G: But then I understand that we won't make it like the economy won't make it without it.
Amanda G: And why did you give away all that stimulus money to all of us in mind to give it to the business, business owners.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They did have a program for some of the for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Small business owners to
Amanda G: But a lot of some people don't. Some people didn't sign up, or they did and the money was already gone but really
Amanda G: I'm not saying that we shouldn't. Got it. But if that might be shared with us where the economy is going to be that bad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, well, small businesses, they, they, you know, they rob Peter to pay Paul, they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go from day to day
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, busy seasons are what carries them over.
Amanda G: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, in the slow seasons.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so there's gonna be a lot of small businesses, a close because, you know, there are certain you know events that happen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That bring in those
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, totally. And they don't have backup money.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At all.
Amanda G: Because nobody got this will happen. Nobody everything
Amanda G: it'll never happen to them.
Amanda G: Remember the last session we have
Amanda G: Yeah, that's what everybody think anything can happen to anybody.
Amanda G: Always be prepared for
Amanda G: So this, this covert 19 year didn't really affect me. I mean, it did because she has to go to work all the time, but he didn't have to stop work.
Amanda G: The paychecks have been the same. Nothing's changed for us, except that I don't keep the car as much
Amanda G: Right, I don't, I don't need to go to the store. I don't
Amanda G: Whatever we need she can pick it up on the way, or we don't need it.
Amanda G: Not that important.
Amanda G: Back, knowing that it's an entity, but other people have lost her job like they can't pay rent. Like it's affected a lot of other people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, it really has
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Amanda G: But it wasn't unprepared either like so before all this. I don't know if I told you, but I went shopping and I go to the dollar, the Dollar Store apps or the Dollar General and they'll have tied for like $2 the big one and
Amanda G: So I'll get three coupons and then you can only use one phone number. So she uses her phone number. So I bought eight bottles.
Amanda G: And then I buy I don't buy a FOUR PACK OF tissue at a time i by the big one.
Amanda G: Patel's like that I bought Lysol
Amanda G: And then we went into this lockdown. But I didn't go anywhere for a month, but I was okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We had everything you needed
Amanda G: Yeah, because I was taught you don't might go to the store, ya bye for packing gotta go back in two days or three days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, right.
Amanda G: You want to go see people every day. I can't handle Walmart, as it is.
Amanda G: to shop at midnight. I don't want to
Amanda G: hear the noises
Amanda G: Can handle those noises in there. I have to leave sometimes
Amanda G: I'll just leave the basket walk out because I can't handle it. My anxiety is way too bad, and then they're rude.
Amanda G: And I'll be right back. But I
Amanda G: Might be rude and wherever we're gonna get. We're just getting into fighting and nothing's going to get accomplished and
Amanda G: I
Amanda G: Gotta go. But people will run into you there. They just don't care.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, right. People are very busy. Just like when this whole thing started. People went out and buy cases in cases in cases of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, toilet paper they selfishly, you know what I mean, thought that you know they were going to use 15 cases of toilet paper. While this whole thing was going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For getting
Amanda G: You know, always wants to stand together when they they say, Don't go nowhere. It's all gone. Yeah.
Amanda G: How we supposed to stand together when look what you told us what you do and liquid everybody did
Amanda G: Uh huh. My wife died was like she didn't really know what the disease was it what was going on. Just you works a lot. She thought it was like a stomach thing. Like why is everybody buying tissue. I said that's not what it is or should it come from China. What do you mean
Amanda G: Oh, I didn't know that I was like, yeah, that's
Amanda G: Why are you here is freaking out. I haven't you nobody was ever had a Lysol wipes. But now I don't have any
Amanda G: That I use them everyday.
Amanda G: Look, I have so many of these night with money.
I
Amanda G: Put my tide pods in there, my sponges my tennis balls for the laundry mat.
Amanda G: Plants, all kinds of stuff.
Amanda G: But I bet you nobody has that laying around.
Amanda G: Because they didn't use it before.
Nope.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I agree.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's insane. This whole thing and I just read the other day that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Other symptoms that are popping up with people that are coming are coming up with it. Our loss of smell.
Lots of us buds.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they're in some people, the infection isn't just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: attacking their loans, but it's putting holes in their brains to
Amanda G: Oh well.
Amanda G: Yeah, I would think you would attack all that to begin with. Because if you're sneezing and coughing. That's the first thing that goes. Anyways, when you have allergies or if you have a cold. Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Amanda G: So i and then they said, it can, it was coming into like pink eye or whatever watery eyes or something like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: watery eyes congestion, you can't breathe. But some people have had like the stomach flu.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: puking few you know pooping, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think as you just asked
Amanda G: I just think it's a common cold just really bad that you can't get you can't get past
Amanda G: That there's that lupus or there's, um, it's a cancer disease. I mean I cancer pill and they're giving they're giving it to the patients and they were getting better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it was lupus medicine.
Amanda G: Yeah, I think it was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My, my sister in law has lupus and so she went to go get her medication and the pharmacy was all out and it's because when they did that research.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And said that they thought that that medicine, you know, on a couple cases and that medicine worked
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doctor started prescribing it to people to keep them safe from from getting the virus. And so the people that actually had lupus couldn't get their medication.
Amanda G: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's that it's
Amanda G: That I turned out they were America so you know how people have these
Amanda G: Where they have the kids like guns and soldiers and they have you there present, tell them what to do, and they can't do much like everybody comes here because you know we can. We're happy to speech and all that.
Amanda G: We better be we'd be better off like them because you put us to go to share and
Amanda G: We're like cockroaches. We just did whatever
Amanda G: That's what we did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We didn't stand together right
Amanda G: Now I feel sometimes
Amanda G: Yeah, like you said, they're buying bread all white. How much bread, can you keep in your fridge.
I don't
Amanda G: I was over here, handing tissue out because this guy in a wheelchair, we strike the bus with him. And I asked him when he said that he'd been to a couple stores. He couldn't find any. Why didn't find tissue here. I found in Berlin. Oh.
Amanda G: But he can't go all over, like the way I can
Amanda G: And people are out here at. So this lady that remember I told you that lady that I help
Yeah.
Amanda G: She's seven years old. She shouldn't be going out she's older today. I mean, I am too because I'm 40 book. I don't have health problems.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Amanda G: I don't know. She does. But she's still older she can get a cold faster than I can.
Yep.
Amanda G: And then we didn't have water for over a week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have water now.
Yeah.
Amanda G: We got water Friday, I think I put it in Friday. But we ended up leaving because everybody's gonna want to take a shower. It was gonna want to do dishes.
Amanda G: We were barely gonna
Amanda G: It just would have. I just don't think it would have worked out so we just left. So I've been at my ass for a while.
Amanda G: Killing
Amanda G: My aunt only lives 15 minutes from Chelsea's job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh well.
Amanda G: I have to drive 30 minutes there and we have to drive 30 minutes back.
Amanda G: That's I don't keep the car.
Amanda G: It is. It's hard. It's hard on gas and it's just sometimes I don't need to go anywhere. I could just do a lot of it here. I don't mind being here.
Nobody right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No reason why can't
Amanda G: I do have something to tell you. I use math. I think the last few days, I haven't used any today because I haven't had medicine since Monday.
Why
Amanda G: Well, because maybe okay I didn't go last week, but I even last week before that I remember. So I got ahold of Angelina
Amanda G: And she ended up doing it shouldn't ever tell me that she got back to me. I ended up getting a message from my doctor or no I think Walker Albertsons text me let me know when he sent it to the truth. But I asked on Friday.
Amanda G: I was texting you saying I forgot me my wife were arguing, though. Yeah, so that day I text, but nobody got back to me.
Amanda G: And then I got a text on the six saying that my prescription was there.
Amanda G: For three days.
Amanda G: So it wasn't going to ask again.
Amanda G: So was it dismissed. I did a little bit her method on to just, I wouldn't hurt. You know what I mean.
Amanda G: There's still I make another meeting because he obviously only gave me to be for a reason and I missed again and then I'm gonna ask. So I didn't ask. I didn't even ask this week.
Amanda G: Cuz I canceled on Friday.
Amanda G: So,
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And do you have it now. No.
Amanda G: No, I don't have any right now, but I did do it cuz I'm going to try to wait because my meeting tomorrow, so I'm not hurting like that that bad.
Amanda G: But I don't want, I didn't want to hurt like I did with the Methadone how I got on the Suboxone to start with. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Amanda G: Right. Is it a little. And I know not going from one drug to another is going to be better, but it just going to hold me over till I can get to him.
Amanda G: Because it was obviously a reason why he did it for three days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, um, it's when you miss appointments
Amanda G: Yeah.
Amanda G: And he had said before, and I and I understand why.
Amanda G: So, I mean, I've never, I was when I was a methadone. I didn't give a dirty two years.
Amanda G: I want to give a dirty.
Amanda G: So I would have had it, but I'm going to be dirty.
Amanda G: But once all the boxes back on again. I don't need to substitute that pain.
Amanda G: You know, anything that's what I want to get off. They don't have to depend on anybody or anything to be better.
Right.
Amanda G: And I only got on it like I don't even think I should be on for I think I should be on has
Amanda G: Because then I'm going to get
Amanda G: So addicted to the forums and how am I going to get back down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're on four milligrams a day.
Amanda G: Yeah.
Amanda G: That's nothing. I know, but it really does help. It's weird, but it does
Amanda G: That's why that was only on it for three days. I got Friday, Saturday, Sunday. So I think I made last till Monday. Now we're Thursday. So I said only did it for two days. And I think I took like maybe five or 10 milligrams of her methadone.
Amanda G: Uh huh. So
Amanda G: It's just to take the edge off just to
Amanda G: I don't know if you've if you've been inadequate.
Amanda G: Say growing pains, you know, growing pains.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda G: It's like that inside. You can't ever. You can't get to it water hot water.
Amanda G: You know, feel good for a little bit, but it's just not
Amanda G: Just ask you all the time. You want everybody to get to help me.
Really bitchy
Amanda G: I am like I'm irritated.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't want to be around anybody
Amanda G: Yeah, that's exactly exactly how it is.
Amanda G: In my phone doesn't shut up.
Amanda G: That's how I was on the Methadone I can talk for two weeks to nobody.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
But, Chelsea.
Amanda G: And I did that because I didn't want to get sick. I wouldn't sick, the whole time. But I kept taking 1020 1020 I made those eight bottles last three weeks.
Amanda G: Last three days hurt me real bad. That's when I got a Suboxone I was going to go heroin. But then I don't know how to fix heroin. So I was like,
Amanda G: That was gonna ask somebody to solve it hurt anymore. But then I got Suboxone and I couldn't thirds. And I was like, oh my god, I felt better in 10 minutes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god.
Amanda G: I should have done that a long time ago.
Amanda G: So then, okay.
Amanda G: I got into some awesome program.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so what your doctor is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your doctor all men. Right.
Amanda G: Yeah, Alan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going to, I will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: email him and let him know that you showed up today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because it wants to know that you're showing up for your individual sessions and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Showing up for her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And so once he gets a week or two of consistency going with you. Then he will get it back to a week prescription. Right.
Amanda G: Yeah, you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gotta have you showing up and being consistent with your stuff.
Amanda G: And I understand. I totally understand if I can ask. You know what I mean, it was my fault. And how many excuses isn't going to listen to. I mean, it's not like I'm lying, but really you can't just keep doing it. It's okay, behavior, all the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would rather
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would rather you email me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me you know what's going on so that I can relate to him and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I evil because
Amanda G: I don't have his email I asked you last night. If you can email it for me because I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I did email him.
Amanda G: Okay yeah cuz I don't have his I would email him to I've emailed both of you. But that's why I tell you, and I just feel closer to you. I mean, I don't mind telling him either. But
Amanda G: You can know more that's going on that I don't share with him in group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Right, right.
Amanda G: So, I mean, I would have told him to. It doesn't really matter. But I don't have is I don't have a way to contact him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: An email. Yeah. Come through me and let me ask him for meds because I would rather you come to me and say, look, this is what's going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm out of meds, so that I can relay that to him so that he can fill your prescription so that you don't have to use any other alternatives. You know what I mean.
Yeah.
Amanda G: And and he probably did it for the three days. So I would be here on Friday. And then I didn't make it. You know what I mean.
Amanda G: Yeah. And then I don't know why I'm posting a text message when it's field. And I told him, I said, like this is two days later than he said it two days ago.
Amanda G: So she took me out a system and put me back in and it's still feeling work so
Amanda G: When I text Angelina, because I have to talk to Angelina, that's what they told me to talk to you. So I guess I'll ask you. Hopefully I don't miss, but I'll just had spoke to you. I mean about you, but she never even told me that she asked. I never got an email back
Amanda G: So I just
Amanda G: Actually they they text me on the six but I don't even know what he said to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You'll know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You'll know when you look on the bottle. When you pick them up. It'll say, well, yeah, it'll save the day they feel that
Amanda G: Okay.
Amanda G: Let's see what he says me he tells me he said to eat that your doctor sent you a prescription if I don't pay attention to that and go that day or the next day I will get one for two days from them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really
Amanda G: Yeah, I'm thinking that they had already sent my prescription before I didn't miss on the six I missed the six and the one before that but I only got a text message on the six
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you talking about from your pharmacy.
Amanda G: Yeah, I don't know why I'm not getting it. As soon as the ability as soon as they scan that thing saying it's field you're supposed to get a text message immediately like Walmart, you
Amanda G: Know, and I told her I had got one because I went one day and I was like, well, is this prescription ready. She was always been ready since 11 I said somebody six o'clock, have a better message.
Amanda G: If I would say she took me out the system and put me back in
Amanda G: Time, if that works. And I totally didn't work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now,
Amanda G: Albertson but I think I'm going to switch to burn a little because I don't keep the car I went right here because I live right here just a white guy road.
Amanda G: But by the time she gets here at 730 they close at seven.
Yeah.
Amanda G: So she goes right there. She can at least make the pharmacy before they close
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She can pick up your meds. Yeah.
Amanda G: She just has to have an ID.
Amanda G: And our product.
Amanda G: Okay, we're legally married so I don't know why she wouldn't be able to
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, but it should be able to
Amanda G: Yeah, she has four kids. Like I said, I didn't go anywhere.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I
Amanda G: Gotta Come pick me up to just go to the pharmacy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, so let me put my email into him.
Amanda G: I haven't gave it a drug test have to do it today, but I tell them I have to go get
Amanda G: Chelsea, and then I got to meet my son here. And then all they asked how late they stay open.
Amanda G: I'll go. You could do it at midnight, if you want. It's like, no, I don't want to but but she wanted me to check in. Right after I got off with you, but I didn't want to rethink that was going around.
Amanda G: Okay, I told her that I would do it when I came back at eight o'clock that I would, but I didn't tell her I would be dirty.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just do what what they're asking you to do take the UAE, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And I'll kind of explain a little bit too dark element, what has been happening.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so that when the the UAE comes in as dirty. He's gonna expect it to be dirty.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay.
Amanda G: And then do I make a group or no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um,
Amanda G: Everybody else does. But, I mean, I don't know, I think, I don't. It is a relaxed, but
Amanda G: I'm not. This isn't my drug of choice. This isn't what I'm not doing it to get high.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would mention it. Okay. It is a relapse. But you secrets also keep a sick Amanda's in. So I would, you know, throw it out there on your check in. This is what I did. This is why I did it. You know what I mean. And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. So that way, it's out there you
Amanda G: Are relaxed is a relapse, for whatever reason,
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Share it
Amanda G: Yeah, I will. I guess I just wanted to make sure because I don't gonna be, oh, they always share everything and I don't know what i'm not i'm an open book. I just don't want other people saying, if I want to tell you, then I'll tell you, like, how many people talking about me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda G: You know what I mean. So
Amanda G: I always say it's like that guy. I didn't think he would overdose. But something happened with him that day.
Amanda G: Or whatever was going on his life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda G: Far away so nobody would notice and somebody noticed
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does everyone
Amanda G: You don't know what's going on in your life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, you don't.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't have that can be really, really scary, you know,
Amanda G: What they're gonna let you in as much as they want to anyways.
Yeah.
Amanda G: And I don't want to always be like that.
Amanda G: I'm just going to take a look at my head.
Amanda G: I actually see my house.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, if you've been if you've been on Go Go juice. Of course, you
Amanda G: Know not not these last few days.
Amanda G: I barely been moving these days. But no, this is last week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, OK.
Amanda G: Now naturally that I really got up and just already people
Amanda G: Hey, you want to keep the car today. And I got to go back and try again.
Amanda G: My legs hurt. I don't know if something happened to my leg just one day, one time I woke up and my legs are swollen.
Amanda G: I was like, wait a minute, what just happened two days ago.
Amanda G: I guess it was going to sleep with my legs down and
Amanda G: wasn't getting enough circulation.
Amanda G: Oh, wow. Every time I get on my knees. I get bruises.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't have knee pads.
Amanda G: No, but I mean, if I'm going to get on the floor. Look under something I get in right away.
Amanda G: I think a poor circulation or I don't know nobody's ever said anything to me.
Amanda G: But I can feel it in my legs, more than anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda G: When I drive my lip make my visor hurting from the gas.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you close enough to the gas pedal.
Amanda G: Yeah, I can move it breaks up to but
Amanda G: It's just, and then I use a cruise control, but then you break go break go and they're doing construction everywhere just probably where you are to
Amanda G: They just did the highway right now they did the whole both sides.
Amanda G: didn't even want how
Amanda G: Does like what
Amanda G: You had to come 35 Miles today. I did it wasn't like that when I went down. But when I came back. It was like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They figure that out as well do it now.
Amanda G: Yeah, I go happen to the road. It wasn't like this. Three days ago. So that's why I was stuck in traffic, the other day.
Amanda G: Didn't even usually I'll say start work on this date. Yeah.
Amanda G: Prepare to stop or no, it's all, it's all paid new as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Crazy, huh.
Amanda G: That's what they do. They just everybody just says whatever you want.
Amanda G: Nobody
Amanda G: Says nothing. I said, Everybody just does whatever they want.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know,
The city.
Amanda G: No, no, we don't have money. All they do is sit on their ass.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda G: Me too.
Amanda G: Far from the city workers complain, the most
Amanda G: Have you ever seen them do anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh, you are fun.
Amanda G: Today I have to go to the bank for her.
Amanda G: To have to sit there and wait so they can direct traffic. So he's just standing there going like this. He's coming to go faster. What are you doing, you're just standing there like, Oh, I gotta hurry.
Amanda G: I'm making sure I like the truck, dude.
Amanda G: It's like over here, rushing me to go. There's nobody behind me. There's nobody coming and they're just pissed off. If you have to wave goodbye.
Amanda G: People just freaks me out. That's why I stay at home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stay away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you listen, you've got to go do whatever it is you got to do. I've got to go get in my next client that's coming in.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm going to email Dr element. Let them know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I saw you today. You made it for your appointment and I will see you in group tomorrow.
Amanda G: Yes, even if my center. I'm going to go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And remember, you can check in hours ahead of time.
Amanda G: Yeah, I will. I'll take it in the morning, did they let you know when I check in. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get a message. It says it you know so and so is checked in.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you can check in early so that you'll be prepared and then you'll already have that zoom number and you'll be able to go straight into the meeting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, at the time of the meeting. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you can do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can you can do that with our sessions as well so they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't have to worry about coming in late anymore.
Amanda G: I want you to do that this morning and I was going to ask you today, if I could do that, you know, if it had to be two hours failing told me to check in 15 to 20 minutes before
Amanda G: Right, that's generated five but
Amanda G: It is still took a long time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It takes a long time. Yeah.
Amanda G: Yeah, so you can do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In six hours. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay.
Amanda G: All right. Thank you very much.
Amanda G: It was nice talking to you, and I'll see you tomorrow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I will talk to you later. Amanda
Amanda G: All right, thank you. You have a good day.
YouTube